docs: update FE fetching data docs (#11376)
coder/coder: docs/contributing/frontend.md

### Where to fetch data

In the past, our approach involved creating separate components for page and
view, where the page component served as a container responsible for fetching
data and passing it down to the view.

For instance, when developing a page to display users, we would have a
`UsersPage` component with a corresponding `UsersPageView`. The `UsersPage`
would handle API calls, while the `UsersPageView` managed the presentational
logic.

Over time, however, we encountered challenges with this approach, particularly
in terms of excessive props drilling. To address this, we opted to fetch data in
proximity to its usage. Taking the example of displaying users, in the past, if
we were creating a header component for that page, we would have needed to fetch
the data in the page component and pass it down through the hierarchy

> (`UsersPage -> UsersPageView -> UsersHeader`). Now, with advancements such as

Reviewer: Personal taste nit: "advancements" feels a little like marketing-speak to me. Maybe a more straightforward word like "library"?

`react-query`, data fetching can be performed directly in the `UsersHeader`

> component, eliminating the need for multiple places to handle the same request

Reviewer: > eliminating the need for multiple places to handle the same request
I think the wording here is a little confusing. Maybe something like this?
> allowing UI elements to declare and consume their data-fetching dependencies directly

### Visual testing

Test components without user interaction like testing if a page/component is
rendered correctly depending on some parameters, if the button is showing a
spinner, if the `loading` props are passing, etc. This should always be your
first option since it is way easier to maintain. For this, we use
[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) and
[Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/).

> > ℹ️ To learn more about testing components that fetch API data, refer to the

Reviewer: Do we want to use an emoji for this, or would it be better to lean into Github-flavored markdown, once Blueberry starts on that next sprint?

Author: I think it is ok for now.

### Visual testing

> Test components without user interaction like testing if a page/component is
> rendered correctly depending on some parameters, if the button is showing a
> spinner, if the `loading` props are passing, etc. This should always be your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use visual tests to test components without user interaction like testing if a page/component is rendered correctly depending on some parameters, if a button is showing a spinner, if `loading` props are passed correctly, etc. This should always be your
```

> first option since it is way easier to maintain. For this, we use

Reviewer 2: > This should always be your first option since it is way easier to maintain.

I disagree with this, tbh. I think we're running into difficulties when we use visual testing as our first line of defense. Maybe something we can chat about more during the FE variety call!
